dvips kerTeX 5.77 notes [TL]:
	- emtex support is dropped.
	- tpic support is dropped.
	- HyperTeX is added by default.
	- No system commands embedded in files are allowed: if you know
		what you are doing, you can create a script or preprocess.
		Period.
	- dvips(1) sends to stdout by default. One can redirect (pipe) to
		a spool manager or a file etc. I aim for C89 support and no 
		system assumptions. The '-o' parameter is still supported for
		systems lacking redirection.
	- the '-f' parameter is suppressed since the file must be seekable,
	and since, by default, dvips(1) sends to stdout.
	- the 'E' command in the config file for calling system(3) is
	suppressed.
	- in the dvips.cnf (was: config.ps) file, v, V, S, H, I, T, P are
	removed since everything can be specified by environment variables.
	(It was just to _not_ read environment PRINTER; but we _never_ read
	it now...)
	- reverse behavior: one specifies explicitely via '-G' (new option)
	that dvips shall attempt to create missing fonts. ('-M' is not
	supported anymore).
	No file missfont.log is created but "comment" sent to stderr.
	- searching is done with the very same routines used by other KerTeX
	programs, i.e. the ones in libweb.

dvips 5.74 notes:

   The epsf.sty and epsf.tex files are now in the public domain.
   The t1part.c has been updated to support binary files with
   multiple binary sections.

dvips 5.72 notes:

   Bug fix in t1part.c???  I hope so!

   Debugging now turned on by default.  No real reason to turn it off.
   (Too many Linux versions of dvips without debugging have been
   distributed, and it makes it very difficult to help the users with
   their problems . . .)

dvips 5.62 notes:

   The makefile and config.ps and MakeTeXPK need to be modified to fit
   your site!

   dvips.tex needs updating.

To document:
   Landscape mfmode
   HPS integration
   Separate EPSF file generation
   Better bbox support
   Partial type 1 support
   Comment elision now turned *off*
   Upleveling of font requirements
   Bitmap font descriptions

Questions:
   Should I eliminate PStfms/PSvfs/afm-extra?
   Should I eliminate PSlatex?  (my guess is yes)
   Partial type 1 downloading (Sergey Lesenko)
   HyperTeX support (Mark Doyle)
   Lots of little bugs/changes/fixes

Still todo:

- Make a better copyfile that handles Level 2 data better
- Add landscape mode def and code to select it.
- Sanitize; test on various systems
- Improve makefile!!!  Goal:  on a standard C installation (with stdlib
  and all) and a Unix machine using TDS, make it be just a `make' away.
- Improve diagnostics, especially when files not found.
- Eliminate `extern' declarations; use header files properly

Despite the fact that I reference Mark and Sergey, bugs are mine, mine,
all mine, so please bug me and not them.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
All real documentation is now in the file dvips.tex.  There is also a file
called test.tex that you can read and run to test some basic capabilities of
dvips.  INSTALLATION has the primary installation instructions.

If you enjoy using dvips, you will probably enjoy being a member of 
the TeX Users Group.  To join or contribute to TUG, contact them at

   TeX Users Group
   1850 Union Street  #1637
   San Francisco, CA  94123
   Voice:  (415) 982-8449
   FAX:  (415) 982-8559
   Email:  TUG@tug.org
   Web:  http://www.tug.org/

This is a list of people who have contributed substantially to dvips.
I'm sure I've forgotten many.  Thanks to all!

Karl Berry
Mark Doyle
Edward J. Groth
James Hafner
John Hobby
Donald E. Knuth
Russell Lang
Sergey Lesenko
Art Ogawa
Melissa O'Neill
Sebastian Rahtz
Andrew Trevorrow
